!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
argparse	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^import argparse$/;"	i	language:Python
argparse	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^import argparse$/;"	i	language:Python
args	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^    args = parser.parse_args()$/;"	v	language:Python
args	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^    args = parser.parse_args()$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 1)$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 2)$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 3)$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 4)$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 5)$/;"	v	language:Python
ax	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            ax = plt.subplot(3, 2, 6)$/;"	v	language:Python
cm	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^from matplotlib import cm$/;"	i	language:Python
cv2	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^import cv2$/;"	i	language:Python
cv2	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^import cv2$/;"	i	language:Python
fail_dir	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^    fail_dir = os.path.join(args.to_dir, 'fail')$/;"	v	language:Python
filepath	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^        filepath = os.path.join(args.from_dir, file)$/;"	v	language:Python
filepath	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        filepath = os.path.join(args.from_dir, file)$/;"	v	language:Python
files	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^    files = os.listdir(args.from_dir)$/;"	v	language:Python
files	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^    files = os.listdir(args.from_dir)$/;"	v	language:Python
hsv	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        hsv = cv2.cvtColor(image, cv2.COLOR_RGB2HSV)$/;"	v	language:Python
hue	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        hue = scanner(hsv[:, :, 0])$/;"	v	language:Python
Image	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^from PIL import Image$/;"	i	language:Python
image	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        image = cv2.imread(os.path.join(args.from_dir, file))$/;"	v	language:Python
image	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        image = cv2.resize(image, (0, 0), fx=1 \/ resize_ratio, fy=1 \/ resize_ratio, interpolation=cv2.INTER_AREA)$/;"	v	language:Python
intensity	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        intensity = scanner(hsv[:, :, 2])$/;"	v	language:Python
intensity_warped	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^                intensity_warped = intensity.warp(image)$/;"	v	language:Python
intensity_warped	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^                intensity_warped = None$/;"	v	language:Python
np	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^import numpy as np$/;"	i	language:Python
os	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
os	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^import os$/;"	i	language:Python
parser	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()$/;"	v	language:Python
parser	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()$/;"	v	language:Python
path	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^            path = os.path.join(fail_dir, file)$/;"	v	language:Python
path	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^            path = os.path.join(success_dir, file)$/;"	v	language:Python
pathlib	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^import pathlib$/;"	i	language:Python
plt	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^from matplotlib import pyplot as plt$/;"	i	language:Python
resize_ratio	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            resize_ratio = height \/ 500$/;"	v	language:Python
resize_ratio	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^            resize_ratio = width \/ 500$/;"	v	language:Python
saturation	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^        saturation = scanner(hsv[:, :, 1])$/;"	v	language:Python
saturation_warped	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^                saturation_warped = None$/;"	v	language:Python
saturation_warped	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^                saturation_warped = saturation.warp(image)$/;"	v	language:Python
scan	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^def scan(path, ):$/;"	f	language:Python
scanner	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^from doc_scanner import scanner$/;"	i	language:Python
scanner	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan_demo.py	/^from doc_scanner import scanner$/;"	i	language:Python
success_dir	/Volumes/MacData/Dev/projects/document-scanner/scripts/scan.py	/^    success_dir = os.path.join(args.to_dir, 'success')$/;"	v	language:Python
